Hello everyone and welcome to just a quick solution on the implement a length list interview problem
.
As I mentioned the previous lecture it's a really common interview problem just at the beginning three
to implement a singly linked list and a doubly linked list.
You can go out and check out the solution.
It's just the exact same note codes as we've used before.
The main difference between the doubly and the singly is that the doubly linked list as you can recall
from the lecture can refer to the previous node while the singly linked list only refers to the next
node.
Again I won't bother coding these out because by this time you should be a total pro at this and be
able to program these for your eyes closed.
Essentially if you still have any confusion on them go ahead and check out the full implementation lectures
as well as the theory lectures for all the details on implementing a linked list of a singly linked
list and a doubly linked list.
OK.
Well that's it for the linked lists section.
Hope you enjoyed it.
Up next it's going to be recursion and we'll learn how to use recursion to solve a variety of problems
.
OK thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next section